CLI commands: Linux commands that we use to run some tasks on our machine using Temrinal(mac) command prompt(windows)

cd, ls, pwd, mkdir, touch, echo

GIT: Global information tracker:  version control system that is used to track changes for a folder/ project
it enables programmers/team members to collaborate with their changes

GitHub: hosting website that you can see your chnages, add collaboraters, creat pull requests and more


Pull request or merge request: merging new changes in a local branch and push these changes to Remote, 
it goes to remote branch, but not main or master.
Then you request your changes to be merged to main/master, this is called pull request or merge request.

pull: this is used to pull the changes to your local branch from remote using git pull.
REMOTE to LOCAL and from same remote branch to local branch 


GIT BRANCHING
git branch -- used to see the list of existing branches and the one that you are currently on
git branch {name} -- used to create a new branch
git checkout {name} -- used to switch branch to given branch
git checkout -b {branchname} -- to combine the branch and checkout step together 
git branch -d {name} -- delete the branch 

MERGE CONFLICTS 
- This happens only if two or more collaboraters are modifiying the same file and one
of them is trying to pull request to master without PULLING THE LAST CHANGES.

1. Dylan already made changes on dylan.js and merged them to master 
2. Akin did not pull these changes and he created his own branch off of master 
and started to make changes on the same file.
3. Akin also push the cnaged with local branch and requested a pull request and thethe conflict hapens!!!

HOW TO RESOLVE:
1. If the conflict is small and can be resolved quickly then resolve on the hosting website
and complete the pull request

2. Sometimes conflict it is more complex and you need to resolve in the local
    2a. First get back to your local
    2b. Swithc the branch to master
    2c. Pull the changes with 'git pull' to master 
    2d. switch back to your local branch that caused the CONFLICTS
    2e. Merge master into your local branch usin 'git merge master'
    2f. Resolve all the conflicts on your editor
    2g. track new chnages, commit them again, and push
    2h. Go back to your pull request page, you will see all the conflicts resolved
    and complete the pull request.


How to merge one local branch into another local branch?
1. First make sure you are on correct branch to merge another branch into
2. Run "git merge {branchName} command to merge changes from specific branch to yours

Assume that you are branch called as US123-Login-Task and you want to merge changes 